very good how are you family I hope you're
enjoying the day how are
my people from telesalseo Welcome
to your favorite gossip channel today I
bring you a rather curious video that
we're going to comment on Well in fact I'm
bringing you several clips that we're going to comment on
because one of the news that has taken
place this week around the Infanta
Leonor is that she went out to party of course
and you might say Well but how is that
going to be news the girl let's see
the girl is the heir to the throne and I think it must
be very difficult eh to
be in her place it must be quite
complicated I know that many people say Oh
I hope not How beautiful it must be to be born
a princess and have your whole life
sorted but I also see its
part that must be a little
overwhelming I don't know if even traumatic
maybe because surely almost all of you who
are following this channel well if you
are not of my age then the
majority will be even older than me and we will
all remember our youth not
no longer the teenage years as such no which they
say passes after communion
but the  adolescence there are adolescences and there
are adolescences and it's not just
adolescence, it's that eh, you pass the 20s,
20 and something, almost 30 and you still
continue making many mistakes in
life, you do many stupid things, you do many
crazy things. And well, it seems
that if you are born into the royal family and
you are the daughter of the king and you are the heir,
then it is more complicated for you, of course. I
understand that in this case the Infanta
Sofía will be less watched. I don't know
if maybe not, maybe I'm
wrong, but of course. I don't think they have the
same, eh. I don't think one has the same
freedom as the other because in the end,
one is the heir to the throne, as I tell you, you
always have to keep your
composure. Well, maybe you can't
do most of the things that
all the kids do and that
all kids have to do at their age, no,
because I am one of those people who
consider that even if they are mistakes and
even if they are things that in the future
could embarrass you.
Eh. In the end, what leads you to
maturity in life and to knowing
a little about life, eh.  have experience No, well, those
are the things you go through and above
all, making mistakes, going out to party, getting
an ugly tattoo that you have to erase
or that you have to cover up, falling in love, getting
your heart broken and there are many of
these things that Infanta
Leonor obviously can't go through.
Look, how is the matter that
precisely this week it is news that
the girl has gone out to party
recently, we were talking about how they
located the place in Zaragoza where
she, well, on the weekends apparently,
I imagine that it's packed with
security or bodyguards or
whatever, I imagine. Well, the girl
goes with her friends to a bar there
on a street in Zaragoza near the
Academy and that serves very good tapas
bravas, some beers and so on. I don't know if
she drinks specifically or if she drinks cool. I don't
know, maybe she doesn't drink anything but
apparently she meets up with the
kids there in a bar that is very
good and that serves some very
good and very cheap tapas and that she went out to
party. Well, they are talking  a
lot of things about this outing of the
Infanta Leonor and look at you now the
girl who sees her going out, these are
things that she has to live through, eh, these are things
that even her mother has lived through and she is not
going to be able to have the same experience
she can never make mistakes give a
bad image make mistakes that
kids make no because in the end I think
that who more and who less well I have
made mistakes at 35 at 33 at 31 eh
things that maybe you
regret and you don't regret because
in the end these are things that have had to
happen so that you learn and understand
reality so it's very complicated it's
very complicated Here we talk a little about
the family's displeasure and apart from the
conditions that this Chela but it is like these
conditions that the Infanta
Leonor has had to go out to party in this
reserved area of ​​a nightclub don't
miss it before starting the video
please subscribe very important that
everyone who is watching the video
press the subscribe button that is
mandatory Okay my weapon and that you
give me a like that  give a like
It's completely free if you
want to share the video on Facebook
on Twitter you put it on your part you hit
share we rock it okay but at
least subscribe and give it a
like that is mandatory for
everyone who is watching the video now
let's discuss this information I am
very surprised by this secrecy regarding the
first night out of that one that is that it is
that bozca Tonic
exactly bozca lemon Better said but yes
yes we know that for her she has had
a drink they say 18th birthday after
all the ceremony she arrived in Zaragoza and
we know even the ingredient down to the
bacon that the hamburger had I
imagine that it won't even be the
first outing it's that of course how is the
day to day life of a girl who is at the
academy we have seen that she has a certain
complicity with the boys not with the
girls from The Academy when they went to
the 18th birthday not to this event and there was
that clip there was that image there was that
scene greeting the companions that
was so viral it was so commented on no matter I
imagine that she will go out she will enter I don't know
the truth  is that he has to lead a
somewhat overwhelming and complicated life eh
with which with his military and that they
sang happy birthday to him from Parchis
Saos all the details that didn't feel bad
because it was like a snack Well it
doesn't have to be the mver the
same thing that wasn't so public well this
on the one hand okay eh also they say
that the family has felt quite
bad about this outing I don't understand
why either Because the king has gone out eh I mean
the king what happens King Felipe went out
if I'm not mistaken in Palma de Mallorca He was
seen a lot the journalists of the
time have him well located and they have
seen him many times what happens is that it
is true that in the past there weren't
so many cell phones like there are now So now there were
a series of conditions that
are also commented on here I think that
María Eugenia Yahwe is
the one who comments on it and apparently there were certain conditions not only to the people who took care of her and who went out with her but to the place where she was partying okay the people who worked in that nightclub in that place whether in the
private room  doorman security
everyone who was there had to
sign a
confidentiality agreement it's very tough it's very
tough but it's a bit of a strange life
because in the end who hasn't lived a
night at a discotheque you meet a girl she
gives you two kisses you go out she goes in that can't
live and we're talking about
a super young girl Well then nothing she has to
be super watched and it has to
be it has to be a strange life
okay Maybe she's not so strange
because she doesn't know any other reality Good
afternoon Very good afternoon well here in
Madrid indeed And it was exactly on
December 1st that is to say just
last Friday this is when
this celebration takes place this
Princess Leonor party before you
asked me By the way what time did she
left Well I have contacted one
of my sources and he tells me that she left
just half an hour before the
discotheque closed at
5:30 ok okay the discotheque almost closed
family What do you think about
all this that I find super curious and
and well super interesting no How are
these issues dealt with no and the respect that is
had for the girl who seems to be
a delight and  that's good and that she
has all the makings of being a
great queen because she looks like a
super polite girl, always super in her place,
okay. And so that the parents are very
proud, what will I be commenting on in the
next video? We'll see. Subscribe
to find out, give me a big like, do
n't forget to leave the video and I'll
be reading your opinion in the
comments box. I send you a
huge kiss and until the next video, bye bye
family. If you liked the video,
hit the button and subscribe to our
YouTube channel.